[16.0][mig] customer_wallet_(account-portal-pos) (#397)
coopiteasy/addons: customer_wallet_pos/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Setting this up requires a few careful steps:

- Create a new POS payment method.

>     - Set the journal to the Customer Wallet journal,
>     - toggle 'Identify Customer' on
>     - set the outstanding account to the Customer Wallet account.

Reviewer: the elements of the sub-list must be aligned with the text of the parent list’s element, otherwise it generates a definition list (`<dl>`).
```suggestion
  - Set the journal to the Customer Wallet journal.
  - Toggle "Identify Customer" on.
  - Set the outstanding account to the Customer Wallet account.
```
